PROGRAM SPECIFICATION
The tree program will have the following main menu:
Binary Search Tree
[1] Insert item
[2] Delete item
[3] Search item
[4] Find maximum
[5] Find minimum
[6] Find successor
[7] Find predecessor
[8] Display tree
[0] Exit
Enter choice:
Details of the menu items are as follows:

Insert item
Once selected, the program should ask the user for a number to be inserted. The program
should then search for the position where the item will be inserted. If a node that contains the
same item already exists, simply add one to the count of the item; otherwise, create a node to
contain the item.

Delete item
Once selected, the program should ask the user for a number to be deleted. The program
should then search for the item in the tree.
If the item does not exist, simply inform the user. Else, do whichever is applicable: If the item
count of the node containing the item is more than one, simply update the count; otherwise,
perform deletion of the node.

Search item
Once selected, the program should ask the user for an item to be searched. Search the item
in the tree and display a message appropriate to the result of the search. If the item exists,
display also the count.

Find maximum
Once selected, the program should display the maximum item found in the tree.

Find minimum
Once selected, the program should display the minimum item found in the tree.

Find successor
Once selected, the program should ask the user for an item. The program should then search
the item in the tree. If the item does not exist, simply inform the user; otherwise, the program
should then search for the successor of the item. If the successor does not exist, simply
inform the user; otherwise, display the successor.

Find predecessor
Once selected, the program should ask the user for an item. The program should then search
the item in the tree. If the item does not exist, simply inform the user; otherwise, the program
should then search for the predecessor of the item. If the predecessor does not exist, simply
inform the user; otherwise, display the predecessor.
Display tree
Once selected, the program should display the content of the tree. Display should be in three
ways: 
pre-order(format:Root,left,Right), 
in-order(format:Left,Root,Right ), and 
post-order(Left, Right, Root).
Exit
Once selected, the program should terminate with a message informing the user that the
order system has been terminated.
Important:
1. If the process is to be performed on an empty tree, simply inform the user that the tree is
empty.
2. At the end of each process, the program should display a message appropriate to the
result of the process.
3. After processing the selected main menu item, the program should loop back to the main
menu. The program should end only when the user selects the main menu item Exit.